so come to Telos kitchen today I'm going
to make a very authentic a speciality
dish of for my sir it's called chana
masala chole masala you can savor chick
pea masala it's not a rocket science
very easy to make and really we pinch
our peace love turnover server know and
really impress are you people they won't
want to have like chana masala every
mortar into place I have got from
Amritsar but I am area of this align oh
how it is so let me introduce you guys
want ingredients I need for this recipe
because we will be making it as a
restaurant style and wrestling style so
I want to tell you all the ingredients
we need for this because we don't want
to compromise on the ingredients or we
don't want to compromise on your taste
so if you want Punjabi taste so let's
see what actually we need here is the
chickpea I have a chickpea you can say
chole which I soaked overnight and just
give one whistle in the pressure cooker
and it's done so if you will take in
your fingers mash it it's it's getting
mashed so this is what we need in
actually what people do is some people
put in a pressure cooker they put some
two three teabags in that along with
that they'll focus kadai masala that is
barely some cloths and some black
cardamom in it I don't do that because I
like to add garam masala in my circa in
my tampering and for the teabags I'm not
I have not used tea bags in this what I
will do is I will microwave with some
water in it this is like to take
teaspoon of our tea or black tea I'm
using alpaca with this
one minute and then I will show you how
at what time we will be putting it this
it will become really black so the
secret of this recipe I would say
blackness comes from this D flat E and
Kasturi Metis this is really in super in
median for this recipe and for our
tempering you'll be using bay leaves
drops around 10 to 12 loss and around 3
to 4 black cardamoms so you can break
black cardamom this way I have already
picked broker it it's very hard so and
we need around 1/2 medium size finely
chopped onions see it's really finely
chopped you if you don't want to chop it
just puree it and puree it the way I
have pure at this tomatoes so I have
around 4 tomatoes because the again
secret in this recipe is to Madame's
more Tomatoes you will use more you will
get the timeliness flavor so form the 4
medium size tomatoes fresh reputed some
sort to your taste
the some red chili powder some sugar
then chana masala powder this is a real
secret
so 4 of 2 tbsp of chana masala I'm using
a net some chemical base and some come
to order
that is try mango powder and on our
Donna where's Foreman grape seeds and
for garnishing we need the champions
that is lucha onion cut in this way it
is
this will use for garnishing with the
lengthwise sliced ginger in it so let's
start the process once your janay our
boy it doesn't take much time to get
this dish done so my oil is already
heated up here I have used around 2 tbsp
of oil here goes my Dave leaves some
people really don't like it but I like
to use if it's party special of or if
it's not participation then also I like
to use this Kedah masalas and here goes
black cardamom I am using around 3 black
cardamom Turner just give it a stir and
feel like stir this for 1 minute then
when your cloths get popped up it means
it's done here it goes the onions no
ginger no garlic in this recipe but
ginger yah he will be using at the end
just for garnishing no human seeds
nothing in this I use onion it share
this until it's like golden brown then
we'll be putting our fury it will take
like 2 to 3
my onions are done here goes fury
it does mix it we have to cook
intelligently use the oil from the sides
I'll be putting some salt and one
dimension right right now
some salt according to your taste so I'm
using I would say for one cup of
chickpeas because I am using around one
cup of chickpea I'm using around 1 TSP
of salt some red chilli powder yeah if
you guys like green chilli
you can add accordingly I don't add so I
just cover this for 5 minutes and we'll
check back after 5 minutes in the
meanwhile I have already put 5 t over
here if you have tea bags I don't use
tea bags that's reason I'm going this
way just microwave this for one minute
and then it's like 5 minutes I would say
and it's going to take more 5-10 minutes
I would say so we want really our
tomatoes to get cooked well so that's
reason it's going to take time because
the recipe secret again is tomatoes
should not be undercooked it should we
all cope well say so look at the masala
instead of looking like a it has started
leaving oil so that means it's done at
this point of time we have more
important Archana we don't want to you
know put more water in this because this
is never watery just such enormous Allah
is like
it's like a semi gravy so we don't want
a much gravy so I'll be just putting
this by hands because I don't want to
put water along with we will put water
slowly in it so once you put all the
channel net at this point of time I like
to use my tea black tea
so just train it in a strainer so it
will take a time to like get a color in
it
so at this time I'm going to put all the
masalas here goes my chana masala here
goes my amateur border and an our Donna
from great seeds
there goes some sugar around 1/2
teaspoon of sugar here goes some
tamarind paste I am using this adds a
flavor some tankyness and sugar add some
no sweetness to this dish if you feel
it's not very black you can you know
just put some more tea just boil it in a
microwave for around one and a half
minute and put it the way you want so
I'll just check back because it takes
some time to get the color so I'll check
that I'll just cover this with a lid for
around 5-10 minutes and check will check
back and so on medium heat gets around I
would say 10 minutes it's cooking and
the only thing it's look at the color
isn't it looking Amla sorry chole so
I'll give like 5 more minutes and at
this time you can check any salt or
anything you wanted to add on so just
you know stick to the ingredients I have
told you if you don't have chana masala
you can add on now more onto water that
is trying on the water and more of fact
if you have ginger Corder in your house
use that it will add flavor to it if you
have German masala nothing is you know
nothing is special you want in that so
just I will cover it with a lid again
and check back after 5 minutes so it
it's ready it took me like 20 minutes to
get
really root and get the color in the
texture because when we put a black tea
in the way I have told you it needs some
time to cook in it so at this point of
time I am just learning with the heat
eutychus to Lima Thea nerd
and here goes on the chart gasps the
crunchiness of the slit repairs it's
really amazing and some ginger
I have put some over here because I want
some to be good to get my chole here
goes a ginger some slices lengthwise
sliced cut ginger and it's done just for
some cilantro and ready to serve here
goes my chole masala essentially you can
say chana masala this is what color we
eat over there it's never red you know
all different color so yes you
definitely have to put tea bags in it
tea plant in Asheville that
try out the way I have told you is not
so difficult very easy to make and a
real good party dish and leave me
comments if you have any TV citations
don't forget to subscribe on my channel
and thank you for watching
you